I am currently working til unix.MaxValue so call me until then
I will get on at around 11:00 and by 11:00.  I actually mean 12:32 the next day. :D
I am working the night shift as Charles Entertainment Cheeses Restaurant
The Jewel Osco Manager is asking me for 29 hours of overtime. BRB
I am currently traveling to Indiana for that extra overtime bonus.
Jewel Osco Just gave me a promotion.  I am now the Manager for every department.  My payment is now 15.50 per hour
I used my employee discount to buy a google play gift card for 5 percent off for clash royale
Thang keeps calling me at my workplace.  I have been working for the past 128 hours and this kid wants to hangout like wtf
I can not wait to get off of the clock to play a videogame where we go on the clock.
My life goal is to become the next Little Z.  Hopefully I can
I just bought the steve dlc for smash 5.  I deserve to win every game now : D
My Jewels is now hiring guys.  Please go to our website for more information!
I just caught someone pissing in the brocolii in the vegetable section. WTF
I really hope I can get a promotion to be a senior manager for the deli department.  I really like the meats
These jewel osco employees do not realize I am actually an accounting major
Jewel Osco actually is a great place for medicine! Highly recommend 10/10
I cannot wait to get off of the clock to play a video game where I am on the clock :D
This message has been censored and removed by Albertsons, American Stores, and Jewel Companies Inc due to the harassment and false statements provided by the individual.
I can not wait to afford my own smash content house with my $1.39 per week
I am at work for the next 72 hours so contact me then if you want to voice chat :D
I have used 95 percent of my life savings on Clash Royale and Apex Legends
Gas Prices are just so high right now thanks to the terrible economy we are in...
My last 3 paychecks were spent on Pokemon Go incubators...
I have invested heavily into the DogeCoin. Hopefully I can become a billionaire like Elon Musk Soon!
I have invested a lot of my personal savings into the housing market.  Surely it would not burst like a bubble
I have now purchased another Switch Oled Pro Hypermax 1080p 60FPS mode!  It goes Crazy!!
I am excited to purchase Orange Juice when it gets a 20 cent discount :D
There is apparently rotting meat in the Deli Section so I have to fix that!
My Jewel Osco salary goes straight to Nintendo Switches.  Hopefully they do not release another Switch... like A Switch 2 perhaps
I am really excited to invest a lot of my money into an investable asset.  I put a lot of it into Elon Musk Doge Coin so hopefully that pays out!
I have been provided an Iphone 23 as a work phone for my job at Jewel Oscos.  What they do not know is that I installed Clash onto it >:D
I am being told that they just released Sora into Smash Ultimate. I gotta get him with my 2.99 per week salary.
I just got the high quality known as Dasani I think it is what its called?  I heard its very rich and fancy!
I cannot afford the New Pokemon game.  I have to ask Mr. Weis for a small loan to get it + the dlc
I just bought a crunchyroll subscription and this shit is in 480p.  I want my money back
I am actually watching horimiya at work on the cashier positon.  Straight up gooning
yeah ill be in vc at 10:30
BRB guys, Im going to work for 3 pizzas from Pizza Hut Costing 90$ for the whole set!
I just bought 4 copies of uno for $50.  That was 20 hours of my effort for this...
I am really excited to purchase Epstein Island: The Game It looks very unique and cool
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/766027094944645153/1203437100834230302/Brian_Jewel.png?ex=65d11723&is=65bea223&hm=19119252b4d933a9b113ec82677562b1a38f834a4cca8d04610c496d2407700d&
I woke up early to play smash bros for my University.  I think they are a DK player?  Hope we get a nice clean game
I woke up at 10 am to play smash bros for my University.  I think they are a ZSS player?  Hope we get a nice clean game
I got this new Lethal Company mod where you just work at jewel osco and that is the whole gameplay
Chick-Fil-A just offered me a scholarship.  I might have to switch sides!
Alright guys! Lets go to Buffalo Wild wings so I can use my 7 gift cards.
Hatterene goon fest time. Who's down to pull up?
Why did Brian decide to become a surf enthusiast? Because he's already used to riding the waves of financial ruin after spending all his money on "Wuthering Waves"! Who needs a savings account when you can catch the perfect virtual wave, right? 🏄‍♂️💸
Why did Brian get promoted to "Manager of Every Department" at Jewel Osco? Because he's mastered the ultimate multitasking skill: playing Clash Royale in the back while on the clock! Now, if only he could figure out how to use those elixirs to speed up the checkout lines...
Why did Brian swear off McDonald's? Because after one too many trips to the drive-thru, he realized he was lovin' the food but hatin' the waistline! Now, instead of Big Macs, he's all about counting his macros.
Why did Brian struggle with the Lethal Company quota math? Because every time he tried to calculate his targets, he ended up with a "lethal dose" of confusion! Looks like his calculations were more hazardous than helpful.
Why did Brian spend $3,000 on a $2,000 computer?Because he wanted to upgrade his tech game, but he accidentally added a "premium procrastination" fee to his checkout cart! Now his computer is so advanced, it's probably already playing games from the future.
I hope to get a god pack in Pokémon Pocket or I am going to have to spend $100 to get the cards I want soon...
I have been on that bulk maxx recently!  I even quit pop (soda)!
I invested all of my work money into Hawk Tuah Coin!  Hopefully, I make my money back.
I invested all of my work money into Chill Guy Coin!  Hopefully, I make my money back.
Alright, I just spent $60 on this rocket league blueprint.  It is a damn nice skin
Alright I /buy all the bowblax mustard ghost plushies!  Hopefully i make my money back.
Alright I sold everything and I am ready to move into Thang's content house!
Okay so I just sold everything for that switch 2.  The dbrand previews look so cool!  The new switch design CHANGES EVERYTHING!
I am trying to get this full art lopunny but these damn scalpers are making it cost like 600$ usd.  I might have to not eat this month...
I am ready to get back into clash royale.  After the trump gas prices settle, I'll have an extra 3k USD from the cheaper gas prices per month!
Alright I just picked up Rivals 2..... wdym it's already dead?


